[Prometheus.HttpListener] Fix shutdown hang (#7587)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Prometheus.HttpListener/CHANGELOG.md

  blocks, which could stall concurrent scrapes being waited on.
  ([#7571](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7571))

* A scrape which is still collecting when the listener is disposed now returns
  an HTTP 503 response.
  ([#TODO](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/TODO))

* Shutting down the listener no longer waits indefinitely for its request
  processing loop to stop, and no longer throws if the loop faulted.

>   ([#TODO](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/TODO))

Author: ```suggestion
  ([#7587](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7587))

* Shutting down the listener no longer waits indefinitely for its request
  processing loop to stop, and no longer throws if the loop faulted.
  ([#7587](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/7587))
```
